add Chris' talk at ViteConf to Appearance (#2554)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/appearances/2024-10-03-viteconf.md

---
title: "Ember's Journey to Build with Vite"
image: "/assets/images/talks/2024-10-03-viteconf/thumbnail.png"
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nh6S4cfehs0
media: video
channel: viteconf-2024
---

> At ViteConf, Senior Developer Chris Manson, a member of the EmberJS Core Learning and Tooling Teams, presented on the effective integration of Vite with EmberJS, focusing on practical applications and highlighting innovative strategies to enhance development workflows and improve user experiences in modern web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At ViteConf, our Ember expert Chris Manson, member of the Ember.js Core Learning and Tooling Teams, presented Ember's move to Vite for its new Embroider build system that sets the foundation for Ember's future.
```

this sounded like written by ChatGPT tbh – many words but no real meaning 😬
